This directory contains the subroutines and functions necessary to 
compile the program SO2CONV.  SO2CONV will convolute the single
particle XAS files from feff with a many body spectral function to
include many body effects on the spectra, including an ab-initio 
calculation of the amplitude reduction S_0^2.  SO2CONV uses 
Hedin Lundqvist self energies, so it will probably work best with
XAS files calculated using FEFF's HL self energies.

The program can be easily changed to a 
subroutine by modifying the first and last lines in the file 
so2conv.f, commenting the line stating it is a program and uncoomenting 
the line stating it is a subroutine, and likewise commenting the
line that stops the program, and uncommenting the return statement 
at the end.

Input:
so2conv.inp - Contians control inputs for running the program.
list.dat - The FEFF output file for the run that produced the files to be
  modified.  This file is only needed if the chipNNNN.dat or feffNNNN.dat
  files were produced.

Input AND output:
FEFF XAS files - The xmu.dat, chi.dat, chipNNNN.dat, or feffNNNN.dat files
  from the run produced by the feff.inp file used for input into SO2CONV.
  In this form, SO2CONV overwrites these XAS files with the files
  containing the many body convolution of the spectra.  The headers are
  unchanged.
specfunct.dat - A binary file containing the spectral function.  If not
  present, SO2CONV will create it, but it slows things down.  Every time
  the material is changed, specfunct.dat will be recomputed.

Files:
ffmod9.f - The main program that reads control files and calls the rest of 
  the subroutines.
so2conv.f - The main subroutine for computing s02.
conv.f - Performs the convolution of the many body spectral function with 
  the spectra.
mkspectf.f - Calculates the spectral function.
senergies.f - Contains subroutines and functions for 
  calculating the self energy and its derivatives.
ppole - Contains functions used for finding dispersion relations 
  and potentials in the plasmon pole, free electron gas.
qlimits - Identifies limiting values of the momentum to be integrated 
  over in the subroutines in senergies.f.
mksat.f - Functions for computing the various terms in the spectral
  function.
mkrmu.f - Finds an approximate form for the imaginary part of the x-ray
  absorption mu.
interpsf.f - Interpolates the spectral function onto a different grid.
grater.f - The workhorse integration routine in this program.
croots.f - Finds the roots of a cubic polynomial.

To Run SO2CONV from FEFF:
Put the card SO2CONV into the feff.inp file.
